#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aioboto3==12.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiobotocore[boto3]==2.7.0
    # via
    #   aioboto3
    #   s3fs
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiobotocore
    #   geoip2
    #   langchain
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.12.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiokafka==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.6.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via django
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via dlt
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiokafka
    #   redis
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
    #   zeep
backoff==2.2.1
    # via clairviewanalytics
bcrypt==4.2.0
    # via paramiko
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
boto3==1.28.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiobotocore
botocore==1.31.64
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
celery==5.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery-redbeat
    #   sentry-sdk
celery-redbeat==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   urllib3
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
clairql-parser==1.0.45
    # via -r requirements.in
clairviewanalytics==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   dlt
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
clickhouse-driver==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clickhouse-pool
    #   sentry-sdk
clickhouse-pool==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==39.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
    #   urllib3
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via toronado
cssutils==2.11.1
    # via toronado
decorator==5.1.1
    # via retry
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deltalake==0.20.2
    # via dlt
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-deprecate-fields
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-picklefield
    #   django-redis
    #   django-revproxy
    #   django-structlog
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-dataclasses
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   sentry-sdk
django-axes==5.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-deprecate-fields==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-ipware==3.0.7
    # via
    #   django-axes
    #   django-structlog
django-loginas==0.3.11
    # via -r requirements.in
django-otp==1.5.4
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==6.4.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-picklefield==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-prometheus==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-revproxy==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-statsd==2.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-structlog==2.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-two-factor-auth==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-dataclasses
    #   drf-exceptions-hog
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-dataclasses==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dlt[deltalake]==0.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-exceptions-hog==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-extensions==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
filelock==3.16.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.10.0
    # via
    #   dlt
    #   s3fs
future==1.0.0
    # via lzstring
geoip2==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via dlt
giturlparse==0.12.0
    # via dlt
google-api-core[grpc]==2.20.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-cloud-bigquery==3.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.26.0
    # via sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.66.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   grpcio-status
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   wsproto
hexbytes==1.2.1
    # via dlt
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
humanize==4.11.0
    # via dlt
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   trio
    #   urllib3
    #   yarl
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   python3-saml
    #   zeep
jiter==0.6.1
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-ng==1.6.1
    # via dlt
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
kafka-python==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
kombu==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
langchain==0.2.15
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.2.38
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.1.23
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.4
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.106
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
lxml==4.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python3-saml
    #   toronado
    #   xmlsec
    #   zeep
lzstring==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
makefun==1.15.6
    # via dlt
maxminddb==2.6.2
    # via geoip2
mimesis==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
monotonic==1.6
    # via clairviewanalytics
more-itertools==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cssutils
    #   simple-salesforce
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nanoid==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
natsort==8.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
nh3==0.2.14
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.23.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openai==1.43.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
    #   sentry-sdk
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dlt
    #   langsmith
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via trio
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   aiokafka
    #   dlt
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   langchain-core
    #   requirements-parser
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
    #   webdriver-manager
pandas==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
paramiko==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sshtunnel
pathvalidate==3.2.1
    # via dlt
pdpyras==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pendulum==3.0.0
    # via dlt
phonenumberslite==8.13.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   zeep
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
prometheus-client==0.21.0
    # via django-prometheus
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via click-repl
propcache==0.2.0
    # via yarl
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
protobuf==4.25.5
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   temporalio
psutil==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg[binary]==3.1.19
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg-binary==3.1.19
    # via psycopg
psycopg2-binary==2.9.7
    # via -r requirements.in
py==1.11.0
    # via retry
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deltalake
    #   dlt
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.14.6
    # via pydantic
pyjwt[crypto]==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
pymssql==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyodbc==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==23.2.0
    # via
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   urllib3
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via qrcode
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   celery-redbeat
    #   clairviewanalytics
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
    #   time-machine
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via webdriver-manager
python-statsd==2.1.0
    # via django-statsd
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
python3-saml==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clickhouse-driver
    #   dlt
    #   pandas
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   zeep
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   dlt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via django-two-factor-auth
redis==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery-redbeat
    #   django-redis
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.9.11
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clairviewanalytics
    #   dlt
    #   geoip2
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   pdpyras
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
    #   stripe
    #   tiktoken
    #   webdriver-manager
    #   zeep
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via zeep
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via zeep
requirements-parser==0.11.0
    # via dlt
retry==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3fs==2023.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.6.2
    # via boto3
scikit-learn==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.13.1
    # via scikit-learn
selenium==4.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
semver==3.0.2
    # via dlt
sentry-sdk[celery,clickhouse-driver,django,openai]==1.44.1
    # via -r requirements.in
simple-salesforce==1.12.6
    # via -r requirements.in
simplejson==3.19.3
    # via dlt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   clairviewanalytics
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   python-dateutil
slack-sdk==3.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   trio
snowflake-connector-python==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-sqlalchemy
snowflake-sqlalchemy==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-app-django
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   trio
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   snowflake-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
sqlalchemy-bigquery[bqstorage]==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
sshtunnel==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
statshog==1.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
stripe==10.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
structlog==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-structlog
temporalio==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   celery-redbeat
    #   dlt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
    #   sentry-sdk
time-machine==2.16.0
    # via pendulum
token-bucket==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   dlt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
toronado==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via openai
trio==0.26.2
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.11.1
    # via selenium
types-protobuf==5.28.0.20240924
    # via temporalio
types-setuptools==75.1.0.20240917
    # via requirements-parser
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   aiokafka
    #   dlt
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   qrcode
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   stripe
    #   temporalio
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   dlt
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
tzlocal==5.2
    # via clickhouse-driver
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via djangorestframework-csv
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3[secure,socks]==1.26.20
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   django-revproxy
    #   geoip2
    #   pdpyras
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
urllib3-secure-extra==0.1.0
    # via urllib3
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webdriver-manager==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.44.0
    # via astunparse
whitenoise==6.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via aiobotocore
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
xmlsec==1.3.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python3-saml
yarl==1.14.0
    # via aiohttp
zeep==4.2.1
    # via simple-salesforce
zstd==1.5.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
zxcvbn==4.4.28
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
